Unbounded above and below, strictly increasing, pointwise epsilon-delta continuous endomaps on the real numbers are automorphisms (#1794)
UniMath/SymmetryBookFormalization: src/real-numbers/strictly-increasing-pointwise-epsilon-delta-continuous-endomaps-real-numbers.lagda.md

    pointwise-ε-δ-continuous-endomap-ℝ l1 l2
  pointwise-ε-δ-continuous-endomap-strictly-increasing-pointwise-ε-δ-continuous-endomap-ℝ =
    pr1 f

  map-strictly-increasing-pointwise-ε-δ-continuous-endomap-ℝ : ℝ l1 → ℝ l2
  map-strictly-increasing-pointwise-ε-δ-continuous-endomap-ℝ =
    map-pointwise-ε-δ-continuous-endomap-ℝ
      ( pointwise-ε-δ-continuous-endomap-strictly-increasing-pointwise-ε-δ-continuous-endomap-ℝ)

  is-strictly-increasing-map-strictly-increasing-pointwise-ε-δ-continuous-endomap-ℝ :
    is-strictly-increasing-endomap-ℝ
      ( map-strictly-increasing-pointwise-ε-δ-continuous-endomap-ℝ)
  is-strictly-increasing-map-strictly-increasing-pointwise-ε-δ-continuous-endomap-ℝ =
    pr2 f

  is-pointwise-ε-δ-continuous-map-strictly-increasing-pointwise-ε-δ-continuous-endomap-ℝ :
    is-pointwise-ε-δ-continuous-endomap-ℝ
      ( map-strictly-increasing-pointwise-ε-δ-continuous-endomap-ℝ)
  is-pointwise-ε-δ-continuous-map-strictly-increasing-pointwise-ε-δ-continuous-endomap-ℝ =
    is-pointwise-ε-δ-continuous-map-pointwise-ε-δ-continuous-endomap-ℝ
      ( pointwise-ε-δ-continuous-endomap-strictly-increasing-pointwise-ε-δ-continuous-endomap-ℝ)
```

## Properties

> ### If a classically pointwise continuous function is strictly increasing on a dense subset of ℝ, then it is strictly increasing on ℝ

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### If a pointwise ε-δ continuous function is strictly increasing on a dense subset of ℝ, then it is strictly increasing on ℝ
```

            ( f)
            ( S)
            ( is-increasing-is-increasing-on-strict-inequalities-on-subset-endomap-ℝ
              ( map-pointwise-ε-δ-continuous-endomap-ℝ f)
              ( subset-dense-subset-ℝ S)
              ( λ a b a<b → leq-le-ℝ (H a b a<b)))
        open
          do-syntax-trunc-Prop
            ( le-prop-ℝ
              ( map-pointwise-ε-δ-continuous-endomap-ℝ f x)
              ( map-pointwise-ε-δ-continuous-endomap-ℝ f y))
      in do
        (a , a∈S , x<a , a<y) ← dense-le-dense-subset-ℝ S x<y
        (b , b∈S , a<b , b<y) ← dense-le-dense-subset-ℝ S a<y
        concatenate-leq-le-ℝ
          ( map-pointwise-ε-δ-continuous-endomap-ℝ f x)
          ( map-pointwise-ε-δ-continuous-endomap-ℝ f a)
          ( map-pointwise-ε-δ-continuous-endomap-ℝ f y)
          ( H' x a (leq-le-ℝ x<a))
          ( concatenate-le-leq-ℝ
            ( map-pointwise-ε-δ-continuous-endomap-ℝ f a)
            ( map-pointwise-ε-δ-continuous-endomap-ℝ f b)
            ( map-pointwise-ε-δ-continuous-endomap-ℝ f y)
            ( H (a , a∈S) (b , b∈S) a<b)
            ( H' b y (leq-le-ℝ b<y)))
```

> ### If `f` is classically pointwise continuous and strictly increasing on the rational real numbers, it is strictly increasing on the real numbers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### If `f` is pointwise ε-δ continuous and strictly increasing on the rational real numbers, it is strictly increasing on the real numbers
```
